psalm 40:8 a son a psalm of
sons of korah great is the Lord and
greatly to be praised in the city of our
God in his holy mountain beautiful in
elevation the joy of the whole earth is
Mount Zion on the sides of the North a
city of the Great King God is in her
palaces he is known as her refuge for
behold the king's assembled they passed
by together they saw it and so they
marveled they were troubled they
hastened away fear took hold of them
there and pain as of a woman in birth
pangs as when you break the ships of
tarshish with an east wind as we have
heard so we have seen in the city of the
Lord of hosts in the city of our God God
will establish it forever
we have thought Oh God on your
loving-kindness in the midst of your
temple according to your name Oh God so
is your praise to the ends of the earth
your right hand is full of righteousness
let Mount Zion rejoice let the daughters
of Judah be glad because of your
judgments walk about Zion and go all
around her count her towers mark well
her bulwarks consider her palaces that
you may tell it to the generation
following for this is God our God for
ever and ever he will be our guide even
to death
[Music]